python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 50 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 40 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 30 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 20 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 10 -keywords=-freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 50 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 40 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 30 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 20 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_anneal/anneal-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_audiology/audio-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_australian/aus-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_german/german-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_heart/heart-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hepatisis/hepatit-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_hypothyroid/hypo-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_krvskp/krvskp-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
python3 scripts/mzinc_run.py u models/hu_cost_util_freqmining.mzn data/hu_mining/cost_and_util/hu_closed_lymph/lymph-mz.dat 10 -keywords=freqitems,-freq_items,Gecode,-reify
